Workgroup,Meeting Type,Date,Purpose,People Present,Agenda Items 1,Discussion Points 1,Decision Items 1,Action Items 1,Learning Points,Agenda item 2,Discussion Points 2,Decision Items 2,Agenda Item 3,Discussion Points 3,Decision Items 3,Action Item 2,Tags,Emotions
Knowledge Base Workgroup,Biweekly,24/01/2024,Aggregating Ambassador Program assets and relevant information under GitBook,"Tevo (host), Tevo (documenter), Tevo, Shankar, Vanessa, Peter, André, love, Slate, Jade, Emotu, Sucren, Friday, Anthony, devon",- Continues Onboarding - [resolved] - Introduction to Knowledge Base Workgroup - [resolved] - Reviewed Onboarding Items - [carry over],- How to introduce new people - How to encourage participation - Information available for new members - Becoming a workgroup member - Low retention rate causes,"- Create entry-level onboarding tasks - Include ""Onboarding WG report Q4 2023"" in GitBook",- Create onboarding feedback form - Review participant tasks in Dework,None,,,,,,,,"Onboarding, Getting Started, Video Script, Analysis, Proposal, Introduction, Feedback Form, Ambassador GitBook, Miro Board",Collaborative
Education Workgroup,Weekly,24/01/2024,ACP (Ambassador Community Program),"Headelf (host), Slate (documenter), Slate, devon, osmium, esewilliams, Rojo, Headelf",- Introduction and Tool Discussion - Scribe Appointment - Slate's Video for ACP - Infographic on SingularityDAO by Devon,"- Challenges with archive tool for notes - Proposed scribe role - Slate volunteers - Slate's video on ""Sophiaverse"" - Feedback on video - Devon's infographic - Target audience and design consistency",- Slate appointed as scribe ($20USD per meeting) - Add more subtitles to video - Adjust infographic for ambassador audience - Maintain standard color scheme and avoid copying text,- Consider adding subtitles using YouTube's autogenerated feature - Explore video's marketing potential - Devon to revise infographic,None,,,,,,,,"Meeting Summaries, ACP, Videomaking, infographic",Collaborative
R&D Guild,Regular,"Thursday, January 25, 2024","Guild operations, governance system, project proposals","Rojo \[facilitator], Guillermo \[documenter], Ubio, Curtis, Vasu, Duke, WaKa","The overall purpose of the meeting was to go over the new R\&D Guild proposal, the new workgroup operations strategy, and fundamentals for the governance system for the guild.","Discussed the difference and definition of Resaerch, Ideation and Development, and the potential scope of the Guild in relation to ambassadors' needs, and how to approach the different guilds and WorkGroups for further actions.
* We continued with the discussion that began in the guild Discord chat about the possible segregation or not into two independent bodies, advantages and disadvantages. The members will present their positions and arguments.
* WaKa: I envision \*\*Innovation\*\* \[ex-Incubation] providing a range of services to other Ambassador units, according to their needs and our capabilities. These will eventually include analysis of wants and needs, identifying processes, features and benefits, crafting designs and executing development, organizing testing, deployment, training, and support. Ambassador program has a very specific charter and a fixed budget, in most ways separate organization from a dozen and a half projects and organizations under the sNET umbrella. To me, a Guild formed within Ambassadors and applying its budget has an obligation to focus on executing a definitive segment of the overall organizational vision and plan. Providing services according to the needs and the timelines of other groups, while tapping into their budgets, is best delivered by a separate unit, perhaps a financially self-sufficient WorkGroup. Without a clear separation, I do not see bringing more external business or recruiting specific skill sets, as those may not align with Ambassadors' mandate and plan.""
* Rojo: The R\&D initiative is funded based on projects according to the sheet we agreed upon. That means that the ambassador program is funding specific projects with clear outcomes and use cases. Any external endowment, if agreed upon, will also be funding a specific project. Therefore, double rewarding for the same work, or making use of ambassador funds for other entities, cannot happen under this paradigm.""
* Discussed the different governance systems. For the selection of the proposals to be developed according to the available budget, the possibility of involving the different guilds in the selection was discussed, thus establishing a priority according to the needs of the group.&#x20;
* Discussed the possibility of voting among guild members.","Guild members agreed that it is beneficial for the whole to maintain the unity of the guild and evaluate reincorporating the 'ideation' functionality as a service for the other guilds and workgroups. This completes the circle with the total capacity of Research, Ideation and Development.

\[decision] The use of a template for the standardization of the guild’s proposal submission processes was discussed and approved.

\[decision] TBD Final schedule and time slot for guilds weekly meeting.

\[decision] Next step will be to analyze the team's proposals. To date, we have 10 proposals or ideas in a state of ideation; some of them have the backup of research and a blueprint, and others are just ideas for potential developments that the different members of the team have developed and shared in the initial document that we have reviewed in this session and will share tomorrow with the Treasury Guild. Proposals' names and descriptions can be found in the GR\&D Guilds Proposal: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PNd2LwMJSZw38w\_G8vAph20pTWmjT62bcYmiEUB0ve8/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PNd2LwMJSZw38w\_G8vAph20pTWmjT62bcYmiEUB0ve8/edit)",None,None,,,,,,,,"Teamwork, deliverables, respect, scope, flow, tooling, results, trust","Fun, Exciting, Collaborative, Productive"
Treasury Guild,Bi-weekly,25/01/2024,"Financial activities, payments, tasks","Tevo [host], Tevo [documenter], Tevo, André, Miro, Emotu, Vanessa, Peter, Rojo, William, Headelf, Guilermo, Sucren", Differentiating long-term (core) contributors,"Default System Criteria to recognise Core Contributors
- Additional options to become a Core contributor
- Downsides of differentiating Core contributors

* Default System Criteria to recognise Core Contributors
* Additional options to become a Core contributor
* Downsides of differentiating Core contributors","Core Contributors can also be nominated
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Core Contributors will have a higher weight in the decisions
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- Policy Rules are ratified in the Governance Workgroup
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople",,None,"Staking AGIX 
* Core Contributors can also be nominated
  * \[effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
* Core Contributors will have a higher weight in the decisions
  * \[effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
* Policy Rules are ratified in the Governance Workgroup
  * \[effect] mayAffectOtherPeople","Ethical concerns
- Education on Staking AGIX
- Social effect when staking AGIX
- How AGIX staking works and its purpose","Currently, we will not start staking Ambassador Program Reserved AGIX due to ethical concerns
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople","2024 Treasury Budget Quarter 1 - [carry over]
* Currently, we will not start staking Ambassador Program Reserved AGIX due to ethical concerns
  * \[effect] mayAffectOtherPeople","How could we lower our budget requests to fit the Ambassador Budget?
- How could we improve the Ambassador Program Quarterly Budget Sheet?","Move back to create proposals and budget requests in stable values (USD) and AGIX conversion applied at the ambassador program budget level
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople
- We will not include a budget for new ideas and potential experiments in Quarter 1
  - [effect] mayAffectOtherPeople","[action] Include a new column that links to budget proposals to the Ambassador Program Quarterly Budget Sheet [assignee] Tevo [status] todo
- [action] Wait for other workgroups to deliver their budget proposal [due] 8 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Every workgroup is expected to remove the budget for unplanned items [status] todo","Miro Board, Budget, Quarter 1, Staking, Proposals, AGIX, Stable Value, Ethics",Tension around core contributor discussion
Onboarding Workgroup,Weekly,25/01/2024,"Onboarding sessions, workgroup membership, budget","LadyTempestt [host], Onyeka  [documenter], Sucren, Vanessa, Peter, esewilliams, Tevo, Cjfrankie, Slate, Precious, Duke, lord kizzy, LadyTempestt",,"Minutes of last Meeting 
- Action items from last meeting 
- Next Ambassador TH Update
- Twitter thread on the Getting started channel 
- Continuous Onboarding Session Report
- Onboarding Workgroup Facilitation and Documentation Roster 
- Q4 Quarterly report 
- Budget for Q1","- We agreed to set a deadline (15th of February) for the Onboarding Session Report.
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We decided that the asynchronous input from R&D, Education and Strategy can be added as comments to the Report.
  - [opposing] None
  - [effect] affectsOnlyThisWorkgroup
- We have decided to create a Twitter tweet to announce our Onboarding session. 
  - [opposing] None
- We decided to split the Facilitation of the Onboarding Session into 4 parts 
  - [opposing] None","- [action] Sucren to speak to Mikasa to create a tweet to announce the Onboarding session  [assignee] Sucren [due] 1 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action]  Lady Tempestt to create a resource, with ideas for how WGs can support continuous onboarding [assignee] LadyTempestt [due] 1 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Vani to make the necessary corrections to the Onboarding Session slides  [assignee] Vanessa [due] 1 February 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lord Kizzy to create a report on Continuous Onboarding (1st draft bring to meeting on 15th) [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 15 February 2024 [status] in progress
- [action] Lord Kizzy to give the onboarding updates in the next TH meeting  [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 30 January 2024 [status] todo
- [action] Lord Kizzy to  share the infographic to announce the Onboarding session on the 8th of February [assignee] lord kizzy [due] 2024-01-11 [status] todo",GMBLS has been changed to MINS,,,,,,,,"Guilds, Onboarding, TH Update, Roles, Budget","Collaborative, speedy , funny , Thoughtful , Friendly"
Education Guild,weekly,4/12/2023,Education guild meeting,"Headelf [facilitator] [documenter], Slate, Malik, Peter, Kenichi, WaKa, Osmium",Ambassador Certification Program (ACP),"Very short meeting due to connection issues in Discord.
Meeting was for presentation of Homework for the assigned infographics: Waka - NuneT; Osmium - Jam Galaxy; Slate - SophiaVerse; Malik - DeepFunding; Headelf - Rejuve, Rejuve Bio.

[decision] Headelf also briefly discussed decision to sign up for Google Class based on research and recommendations, in order to have an educational platform.",,"[action] continuation of infographics
[action] Google Class enrolment",,,,,,,,,"Infographics, presentation of homeworks","Direct, formal"
Dework PBL Workgroup,weekly,6/12/2023,Dework PBL meeting,"Tevo [facilitator] [documenter], André, Peter, Effiom, James, Will",Playing Through Lesson Activities,We updated the Background Knowledge lesson content with action messages.,We will use assignments in the Background Knowledge and onboarding module.,,,,"We set up a local server for the new Andamio version
We went through course creator access management and Andamio token credential flows",,,,,,"React, formatting, PBL, Dework, Miro Board, Lessons, Google Form, Andamio Andamio","A bi all over the place, not focused and organised, ambivalent"